Mr. Jiang, I am not such a person
I have a boyfriend
The door is open, you can go anytime you want
In fact, I just want to meet you
Let's have a drink
Celebrate your debut
I wanted to buy you some gifts
But I don't know what you like.
This money
Take it and buy whatever you like.
Thank you Mr. Jiang
But I can't accept this money.
My aunt
How dare you?
Offended Mr. Jiang, the big financier
Stop talking about you.
We're not even going to make it in this business
Sister Juan, I'm sorry.
I don't want my boyfriend to be angry.
Are you kidding me?
Which model doesn't go out to eat and socialize?
Sleeping with you for a higher position is everywhere
I don't want to give anything and I want to stay in this business
That's a dream
Don't want to do it
Just stop it.
Hello, Mom.
What about Xiaoya?
That person is here to collect debts again.
Mom, don't worry.
You lock the doors and windows first
Money thing
I'll figure it out.
Hello, the number you dialed is on the phone
Please accept
Li Xiaoya
I was just having fun with him.